Update nephio repo readme to be release neutral (#508)
nephio-project/nephio: README.md

Network Functions, and the underlying infrastructure on which those workloads
depend.

> To get started with Nephio, view the [docs repo](https://github.com/nephio-project/docs) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To get started with Nephio, view the [documentation website](https://docs.nephio.org/docs/) 
```
